eight players remain in the hunt of the
Rogers Cup in Montreal four matches on
Friday to decide the semi-finalists
first on court central top-ranked
American mardy fish against stanislas
wawrinka fish should never want to match
here before this week but was soon into
his stride breaking serve three times to
take the opening set this time he can
finish it off exactly I wasn't going to
let that one get away with eight breaks
of serve in the second set of rancor
squandered a 4-1 lead and even managed
to stave off two match points in the
tiebreak to draw level the third set
though was as one-sided as the previous
sets were competitive the wrinkle one
just three points on serve with six seed
fish wrapping up the match to love it
was a roller coaster that second set and
a lot riding on it and you know being
semi finals of a big event like this in
Montreal and you know so I could maybe
could have handled some of those
situations a little bit better and was
able to he took a bathroom break start a
third and I was sort of able to regroup
and you know understand that I was
playing the right style of tennis and
the right tenants I just needed to
execute a little bit better fish would
meet the winner of the match between
Tomas Berdych an unseeded yanko tip
Tsarevich boasting two previous
victories over the world number nine
enjoying the best year of his career the
Serb drew upon his Davis Cup exports of
last year too
defend four break points and take the
substantial lead in the second set tip
Tsarevitch capitalized on the only break
point of the set to reach his first
Masters 1000 semi-final and enter the
world's top 20 in the process oh what a
shot
he's done it
I think it has a little bit more
determined this year to to make a bigger
impact in in the world of tennis and I
feel the Davis Cup helped us a lot if
you see not just me but the victor and
Novak and Nana's image we're all having
the the best year so far two more
matches to be played in the evening here
can the drawers top seed maintain his
push for a ninth title this season